Update feature_rgblight.md (#11363)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_rgblight.md

## Lighting Layers

> **Note:** Lighting Layers is an RGB Backlight feature, it will not work for RGB Matrix implementations without custom code.

Reviewer: I would suggest this: 
```suggestion
?> **Note:** Lighting Layers is an RGB Light feature, it will not work for RGB Matrix. See [RGB Matrix Indicators](feature_rgb_matrix.md?indicators) for details on how to do so.
```
